There's going to be dramatic change.
Everyone is going to get their own
little personal assistant on their
computer that allows you to do more than
whatever was possible 3 months ago, 6
months ago.
>> This is Thibault. He runs ChatGPT,
Codex, and the APIs at OpenAI. The tech
powering most of the AI you already use
every day. And he just told me that in a
few months, people who don't use AI at
all will get the same benefits as the
ones who've spent the last 2 years
figuring it out.
>> Today, you have to actively prompt and
be creative about what you're asking. In
the future, that's not the case anymore.
>> What's going to make people brilliant, I
guess?
>> If you're a creative person with good
ideas, it's a great time to experiment.
>> Can you show me a workflow everyone
should be deploying today?
>> One thing that I think this will mean is
that
>> My audience is Some of them are
developers, but a lot of them are
knowledge workers. And they're very
excited about AI. And what we've been
seeing with software engineering, right?
Google says 75% of their code is now
AI-written. So, it has been really
transformed by AI. And you said
something that this transformation will
extend to all knowledge work over the
next 6 months. So, what do you think is
going to be changing for people who are
knowledge workers?
>> I think it's not that much that people
are going to change as the technology
has matured and now agents are reliable
over, you know, long horizons. It's not
just very capable of using many
different tools, you know, computer use
being one of them, browser use. We have
added over like 100 different plugins
that can tap into you know, every little
tool that you already use in your life.
And the agent in GPT-5 is like extremely
reliable at it. So, it's more that the
technology has matured and is ready. And
so, everyone will be able to get
benefits from an agent. Whereas before,
you had to be a little bit technical
and, you know, get in there if it wasn't
reliable, if it was like struggling 5
minutes in, you just kind of kind of
maybe had to go into the configuration.
And obviously that requires like a
technical background. That's not the
case anymore. So, that's why I think
it's going to be become like very
widespread.
>> What do you think is going to change the
most and say like if you take a
marketer, what's going to change with
their day-to-day with agent?
>> So, you're going to look at what can you
automate? Oh, maybe I spend like 1 hour,
you know, doing market research. Oh,
maybe I spend 1 hour like summarizing a
whole bunch of inbound and emails. Maybe
I spend like, you know, 2 hours going
through like prospects. And so, a lot of
the concepts that were like, you know,
advanced concepts you know, maybe 6
months ago such as like running
something on on a cron schedule is like
nowadays it's just like in the app you
can just say like, you know, run this
every 12 hours, you know, do some market
research, send me a PDF.
>> And it's going to send it to you over
email?
>> Yes, and then it can send it to you over
email or you can, you know, just consume
it in the app. Maybe you can print it. I
did this uh a couple of weeks ago where
I would summarize uh all the news from
Slack and then print it on my printer
physically like every day so I would
have it with the coffee.
>> Oh, wow. This is like very executive
way.
>> It's like, you know, maybe old school,
right? Just like, you know, I kind of
want my newspaper. This kind of thing is
just become is is going to be
mainstream.
>> You know what I was really inspired by?
I was watching one of your podcasts
where you were talking with uh Greg
about having this dashboard basically
when you wake up in the morning, you
have your coffee and it just tells you
like, "Can you approve this and I'm
going to run it? Can you approve So, you
just basically read through whatever
your AI agent did while you were
sleeping and you're approving and it's
continuing its work. When do you think
it's going to be
a reality?
>> It's not that far off. The technology
already exists. It's about packaging it.
>> Mhm.
>> For example, last week we released auto
review, which is um concept it
definitely blew my mind when we did the
research on it. So, you have the main
agent doing actions and then you have a
second agent that is verifying all the
actions of the first agent and verifying
that they are not doing anything that
could be harmful to you and like, you
know, are low risk. And so, that's an
innovation that came out of our safety
team uh and and and alignment team um
primarily like alignment research. And
it allows you to run an agent much more
than you know for a longer period of
time autonomously even handling you know
quite sensitive data without risking for
example you know your agent like sending
an email to a stranger with some of your
personal information in there. Now that
you have these pieces to make it more
secure and more safe and you're willing
to give access to a lot of things in
your life.
>> How do we organize our data? Imagine
we're all getting ready to deploy our
first agent, right?
And the thing is agent needs good data
and sometimes you know I've been working
with mostly my tone of voice like
personal dossier but then I realized
that my agent would really benefit from
knowing my strategy when it creates
content for me. So what would you say to
someone who's just starting out how do
we organize this data? What are the must
have files that they have to create?
>> I organize everything on like local
files on my computer. So I have a folder
I have my notes in there. I keep it like
fairly tidy and you know I use my agent
to organize it. And then it grows over
time.
>> my question. People work with local
computers. I have a laptop that I travel
with. I have two Macs and one of my
students one in my office.
>> Yeah so what we're going to see over the
next three months is all of this is
going to come to the cloud and you're
not going to have to manage like local
files on you know just your laptop and
then you know if you happen to travel
and you're on your phone all now
suddenly it's not the same agent.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's that's annoying because you
have like you know two separate entities
that you need to sort of like you know
map two different things in your life.
So a lot of this is going to come to to
the cloud. It's going to manage its own
memory. It's going to manage you know
help you manage like files that are just
like hosted somewhere.
There's no good solution yet which is
you know sort of surprising.
>> Yeah I'm I'm just putting everything to
my Google Drive and I'm connecting it to
Google Drive folder.
>> Yeah that works. That works.
>> What are the files that everyone should
uh, come up with for their agents?
>> Um,
>> We're talking about productivity for
knowledge workers.
>> Yes, like tone of voice is a good one.
Um, and for that, maybe surprisingly,
like
I don't recommend, you know, actually
trying to explain your tone of voice. I
recommend uh, just including examples
>> Mhm.
>> of, you know, like past, um, you know,
newsletters maybe that you you published
or, you know, snippets from, you know,
like recordings, um, or, you know, like
messages that you sent, you know, to
friends and and and, um, in different
like maybe professional and personal
settings. I have a lot of, uh,
notes around like projects that I have.
Various like each project has its own
folder, um, with various files in it.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, and then contacts. But, you don't
have to maintain everything in files.
You can also just rely on, you know,
like all the productivity apps that you
already have and then, you know, Codex,
for example, will be able to go and pull
the right information.
>> How do you know when you stay inside a
project or you want to, uh, Codex to
actually build something, like a tool or
an app?
>> Sometimes I feel like, you know, I need
like a dedicated app for for for like a
new use case and then I go and like I
create a new folder and then I just like
experiment in there. But, nowadays more
and more I feel like I need less of
static apps that you just can do one
thing and I rely just more on my agent
to do everything for me.
>> If somebody starts using agents and
somebody doesn't, what's the difference
in their productivity in say one or
three years?
>> One to three years is like so far off.
Um,
the technology itself like will change
so much,
um, by then. What we're going to see is
that, you know, like people who are
willing to adapt and discover these
things are, you know, going to be quite
a bit more productive and it's going to
enable to do like, you know, all these
things that you sort of like now maybe
put off. Everyone is going to, you know,
get their own like little personal
assistant on their computer, you know,
doing all of the, you know, that maybe
filing your taxes, setting up like email
filters, telling you and helping you
like get more in touch with like, you
know, your loved ones. That is something
that will connect a lot of people.
>> When I started using more AI, I felt
this responsibility dilemma. You just
mentioned like taxes, right?
>> Right.
>> Yeah, AI can totally do taxes for me and
I have this automation that tells me
every month how much tax I'm going to
Oh, and what tax strategies I could be
deploying. Do I want to be responsible
for that? I don't know. Like when it
comes to these tasks, also as an
entrepreneur, I totally realize if
you're just starting out today, you're
much more productive. But if you're an
existing entrepreneur, I wouldn't really
fire anyone on my team because an AI
agent can run it. I would just ask that
person to use that AI agent. Where Where
do you see this go? Because I feel like
when I started running so many agents, I
feel responsible that I need to check on
them. I need to verify their output. I'm
like, "Oh, I'll just let it somebody
else handle it."
>> That's interesting. So,
at the end of the day, humans remain
responsible. And then, you know, the way
that we think about it is actually just
really about augmenting your own
capabilities
and giving you a tool that allows you to
do more than you whatever was possible 3
months ago, 6 months ago. And take a lot
of like the the boring parts of the work
as well and just do that automatically
for you. It is important as we see this
for for coding is like for us is like if
you if you produce a piece of code, you
know, you are responsible for it.
>> Yeah.
>> If it breaks, it's not it's not the
agent's fault. It's it's your fault. Um
the same for code review and like you
cannot outsource like understanding. At
the end of the day, humans, you know,
are still
are remaining control and remain uh the
people who need to understand the entire
system and how how things work. And so,
if you view it under the lens of like,
you know, augmenting your own
productivity as a human is like, you
know, obviously, you know, you need
humans. After all, we're building for
ourselves to better our own lives.
>> Yeah, it's just I feel like I've become
much more productive first, but then I'm
like because I want to optimize so many
things, my brain just started exploding.
>> There is a There is a pitfall of like,
you know, maybe, you know, falling too
much into, you know, using using it for
everything and feeling like maybe you
can do things, but you're a little bit
too early on the capability curve.
>> Mhm.
>> And so, like, maybe things, you know,
will be possible with future models.
That's good. That means that you're
pushing and you're sort of like, you
know, discovering, you know, where where
it's reliable, where maybe it needs a
little bit more work, and maybe this
will be something that you can do in
like 3 months, 6 months.
>> Today's conversation is another reminder
of how much AI has sped everything up.
My calendar this year has more meetings
in it than ever before. So, I've been
testing a lot of different things to
keep up. A couple I've been using
lately, the Soundcore Liberty Pro
series, Liberty 5 Pro and Liberty 5 Pro
Max. Both have the same noise
cancellation and call quality. The Pro
Max is also equipped with built-in AI
functions designed specifically for
business people, and several other
features have pleasantly surprised me.
First, call quality. I travel a lot and
often take calls and attend meetings on
the go. I take calls from planes,
airports, moving cars, and around kids.
With regular earbuds, people often
couldn't hear me clearly. With these,
the microphone picks up my voice and
cuts everything else out. The earbuds
hold a Guinness World Record for call
clarity in noisy environments. They were
tested against 13 competitors by an
independent lab and scored first.
Second, the AI note taker in the case.
Tap and it starts recording. After the
meeting, I get a summary, speaker
breakdown, and a to-do list straight to
my phone. The whole thing lands there
automatically. And you know what else
caught me off guard? The noise
cancellation. I put these on during a
long flight and genuinely forgot there
were hundreds of people around me. And
their app has built-in sleep sounds and
meditations, too. I sleep a lot on
airplanes and hotels, and this is a
lifesaver for me. You close your eyes
and you actually get to properly rest.
If you're running a busy lifestyle with
back-to-back calls, no time to take
notes, Liberty 500 series are worth
trying. 30-days free trial, easy returns
if you're not satisfied. The link is in
the description. Now, back to our
conversation with Tibo.
>> Okay, let's talk about live coding in
general. So, I shared before the podcast
that in Linguee Trip, we're actually
live coding a lot of different apps and
we have a technical person who can
actually write code and he's really good
at it, but then it's also us who can't.
And when we live code something, it's if
it works, great, but then the technical
person comes in and says, "Oh, I would
have structured it in a different way
because if we wanted to grow it, like
for example, we have this app that is
300 most useful words in English,
right?" And the way it was live coded in
the perfect way, so it's usable, but if
we want to extend it and make it like a
thousand useful words, then the
architecture is a little bit off. What
would you say, like how would you
approach live coding these days? If
you're thinking of building something
like it's going to be a big company,
should you work with a technical person
or still try and live code it?
>> If the goal is to share it with, you
know, a couple of people and like try
something out and, you know, build it
for for the joy of it, you know,
definitely like just coding it by
yourself with the help of an agent is
like that's perfectly fine. If the goal
is to scale it and, you know, make
something that is successful, you know,
for like you know, hundreds of thousands
of people or more, um having that
technical person like in the mix is
still useful. I do expect that, you
know, over time to go away,
um where, you know, you will have agents
which are able to like, you know,
understand the long-term maintenance
aspects, you know, the right structure
and be able to like, you know, handhold
you all the way to scaling to like, you
know, very large and successful like
product.
>> What do you think is the timeline? Cuz
it's it's been changing so fast.
>> We will see significant improvements
towards like long-term maintainability
of code uh over the next 6 to 9 months.
Um in order to like not need the help of
like someone more technical at all. Um
that feels like quite a quite a quite a
far off.
>> Yeah. What do you think in general about
the future of software engineering? I
was just moderating a panel
uh around it uh with uh you know, deep
learning AI. Uh and we're talking about
like how we all had a consensus of six
people in the panel that you just you
still need technical knowledge, but you
also need to become a generalist. And
because everyone is live coding apps.
Like as a creator, I would have never
thought of building an app 10 years ago
because I knew how expensive it was. Now
I would build an app, but then I will
see thousands of people using it and I
will experience some bugs and I will
need a technical person. Are we going to
need more software engineers or less
with
>> Yeah, I think we're going to see an
explosion
um in the amount of, you know,
infrastructure and apps that we built.
And nowadays it's it's just it's awesome
because
if you just have an idea, you can you
can build it. Or at least in some shape
you can build know, with good ideas,
it's a great time to experiment. And
then you can uh quickly prototype,
iterate, and get to something that you
feel, you know, like might be successful
out there. And then it's hard to like
put a limit and, you know, how much
software is enough? How much demand is
there for more software in the world?
Like how many more problems can we
solve? It feels like we're at the very
beginning
>> Well, it feels like we keep coming up
with problems we can solve.
>> Exactly, right? So it's like, you know,
as long as that continues to be true
and, you know, we're able to continue
technological like advancement, it feels
like, you know, there will be demand for
a lot of technical folks.
>> Yeah. Can you show me a workflow that
everyone should be deploying today to
maximize their productivity? Can you
think of something?
>> It really varies. Um it depends like,
you know, one one of the things that I
do is I use it to stay in tune with what
the world thinks for example about Codex
Um and so I receive like a daily summary
>> Can can you build something for me
something like that?
>> So let's do a new chat and for example
you know I am on a podcast
talking about
AI and Codex.
Find relevant emails
in my inbox
and prepare
draft replies based on what you know
about my priorities
from memory. So you haven't you haven't
built
memories yet. But if you use if you use
Codex a lot it will learn about it will
learn about you as well.
>> from chat GPT as well right?
>> Yeah another one is
you know go through popular internet
sources and give me
breakdown
of what Codex shipped over the last two
weeks.
And we can go back to email
I have
a messy inbox in
for Gmail
set up filters
for it to keep
>> I remember I think it was like 2019 or
something I spent a couple days just
organizing my emails in folders and then
I realized such a waste of
I spent so much time organizing
>> I want to plan a trip you like where
where should we go?
>> Based on my calendar availability right?
>> Or something.
>> Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah for example I
would
>> Cuz it can connect to my calendar.
>> A trip plan
and use my calendar
availability
to plan it.
For example and so it's going to go like
here it's you can see it's gone through
your email. So this one is like I'm a
podcast talking about AI and Codex. It's
already gone through your email, found
several live threads related to today's
uh thing.
>> Mhm.
>> Um you know, I went through the
calendar. It's all still going through
um emails. So it it's found like a bunch
of things. Um apparently you have like
you know
>> Yeah, and it was Codex, which is today.
>> And then you know, here you have another
one. So you know, you can see like we're
doing um
a lot of things you know, in parallel.
You can just like run you know, little
agentic threads.
Uh here you could see like I am making a
presentation.
Uh put this
in uh Google Slide. And it will go and
it will just prepare like you know, a a
Google Slide for all of the content.
>> The editing is going to be within the
app or I will have to leave and go to
Google Slides.
>> So there is an in-app browser as well.
Um
I don't know if you've set up your pet.
No, not yet.
So we also shipped like this cute little
feature.
>> just saw it on your X.
>> So now you know, you can move this
across uh and you can see like you know,
which which threads it's still working
on. So for example, like it's still
summarizing Codex updates. It's
currently setting up uh some some email
filters.
Um I don't want to make changes to your
inbox. So I'm just going to you know,
stop this one. Um
But yeah, this is sort of like a a brief
>> Can you talk to me about this dashboard
that I was talking
>> a you have a trip to
uh Crete planned now.
>> Nice.
That's how it went through my calendar.
Okay, so I this morning I actually asked
my ChatGPT based on my queries, what app
should I build? And it gave me five
ideas. And this was one of the ideas
where it's content repurposing. And um
can you rate rate it? Like my my So it
was basically a very basic prompt. I
gave it to a link to my MD files.
Uh it
>> created this app, but the only thing I
wanted to be able to dictate into the
app so it can convert it into an actual
email newsletter, but I don't think it
worked.
>> Okay, so let's have a look. So this was
content repurposing engine, you know,
from old
uh the posts Okay, and then it just
built all of that for you.
>> Well, it built something too fancy. I'm
like, let's let's just make it very
simple and
>> like, okay, this is you're being being a
little bit too ambitious here.
>> Yeah.
Um
and then it has
Oh, I see. I see.
>> Uh AB testing.
>> already a newsletter draft.
>> Yeah, and actually I like that it didn't
wait for my prompt. It just went ahead
and generated
>> It just did a lot of these things like
by itself. It was like, you know, this
is probably what you need.
>> Yeah.
>> And then the only thing that doesn't
work is like voice voice input.
>> the app. Yeah.
Is it something that another prompt is
going to fix or
>> Yes, yes. So um
I'm going to be able to speak to the We
have voice dictation here, right? So um
>> No, I mean into the app.
>> Yes, yes, yes. So let's use it Let's do
a nested
Okay, so in the app uh we have We don't
have dictation uh working. So can you
integrate it with the OpenAI uh
speech-to-text API? For that, you will
need an API key, but you can just make
it up for now. And uh you can go through
the latest documentation online to
figure out, you know, how to integrate
the OpenAI speech-to-text uh API into
this app.
>> That was a very sophisticated prompt.
How do I know that I needed that prompt?
Cuz I would never think about API keys.
>> All right, that's why sometimes you
still need someone who's like a little
bit technical, but
a lot of these things that right now
maybe are still a little bit in the
realm of like, oh, you need more of a
technical background are going to come
and become mainstream. So, you know,
maybe you need You need me today, but
you know, in 3 months it's like it will
be able to set all of this up. It will
just um connect it to your open AI
account and you know, you don't need to
set up like a separate API key.
>> And it's going to be able to just
connect to everything. Okay, well, it's
building. Can you talk about like the
most sophisticated use case or maybe
like that the use cases that are very
sophisticated in terms of workflow, but
that change productivity tremendously
for for people day-to-day. Something
that everyone could get inspired by.
>> So, you can say like you know, go
through
um you can you can tag a lot of
different plugins. So, you can say
Gmail,
calendar, if you have like uh docs,
yeah.
And um
and be my chief of staff.
>> Hm.
>> And give me uh breakdown of my day,
a summary
of what is important,
and prepare me.
And then you just run this at the start
of the day and then you can be more
specific than the the the example prompt
that I I gave here. Like some some
people that I've seen like you know,
have like fairly sophisticated, you
know, requests for like you know, how to
be prepared.
>> Yeah, and like where am I wasting my
time? Should I be hiring someone to fix
something where you see I'm spending
most of my hours or building an app
that's going to like optimization.
>> You can really discuss, you know, with
with Codex then and start to brainstorm,
you know, about how you can streamline
things.
Your calendar doesn't look sparse, but
high consequence. It seems like you're
doing good.
>> Okay.
Yeah, cuz I only put important stuff in
the calendar. I don't do like
day-to-day. Okay, cool. What do you uh
personally use and in what order for for
which tasks?
>> So, I use it for coding a lot. Uh I use
it to help uh strategize for the
different pieces that we're planning to
put out like you know, in what order or
like the narrative to to to construct.
So, it's like it's a great thought
partner. Use it to like organize all my
own notes throughout the day. So,
instead of taking notes in like a
separate notes app, now I just take them
as like straight into Codex.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> built up memories.
>> Like you just start a new chat for
anything you want to say.
>> just like, "Hey, this is what I'm
thinking." Yeah.
>> And then at the end of the day, does it
automatically summarize it or you have
to prompt it?
>> Um
I prompt it to like it then, you know,
dump everything into a doc. Um but also
it's like built up memories. I use it to
uh often stay on top of or Slack
messages.
>> Are you seeing the shift from more code
work being done with AI to more
productivity stuff or has it been equal?
>> Uh so,
it is interesting to think about, you
know, what is what is an engineer, what
does a programmer do all day? And like
already there, the majority of the time
is not spent on coding, actually. So, we
saw we saw a shift over time, you know,
even including in our technical user
base.
Over way over like 50% uh of the tasks
done on Codex are like non-technical
tasks today.
>> Yes.
>> And it's been what, a year since you
>> Uh the app has only been 3 months.
>> Okay.
>> So, we we launched the app
3 months The Codex CLI, which was
definitely for programmers, that was a
year ago.
>> So, what are people using it for? What
do you see What are the use cases?
>> There's a lot of like help me plan, help
me organize, thinking through trips. Uh
now with computer using browsers, it
can, you know, do things such as like
order on DoorDash for you, like you
know, do your shopping.
>> Does it take long? I haven't tried it on
browser yet, but sometimes the agentic
browsers are like
>> No, we have the fastest computer I use
implementation out there.
>> Hm.
>> Uh it's it's um
it's surprisingly quick. So, you know,
you will see it like, you know, click
around.
So, for example, I can
>> Can Can we I'll it to go and download my
LinkedIn analytics.
>> Okay. So, let's do let's do add
computer.
Um
and then go to
LinkedIn
and download my analytics
um and then the format we said a
spreadsheet.
>> Excel spreadsheet, yeah.
>> Uh and create a spreadsheet. There we
go. So, let's let's see what it does.
It'll use the desktop controls. This
might take 5 to 10 minutes.
>> So, so it's the difference from ChatGPT
is that it's it can use your computer.
>> Yes. It can use your computer. It's a
full agent that works and has access to
your browser, can click around on your
apps as well.
>> Mhm.
>> And you can look at it here. So, it's
it's already it's visiting
>> Yeah, it's it is it is already on my
LinkedIn page.
>> Yes. Uh so, let's let's see what it does
over time.
>> I think it's
>> Here, you can see it's like it's
navigating here. It's exporting
something.
>> It is already saving stuff. That's
amazing. Well, we wait for him to
finish. I wanted to ask you something.
You dropped out of your PhD, right?
After 2 weeks.
>> After 2 weeks, that's right.
>> a company. Would you recommend to
someone who's doing their
PhD or bachelor's or master's now and
feel that
they're just hating it. Is it good time
to quit or you would you say
>> was a long time ago. This was almost 15
years ago. So, I'm not sure if uh
>> like I feel like
>> it's relevant.
>> Uh but but it's interesting how the
meaning of education has changed in
these 15 years. What What do you think
from like seeing all the innovation
inside OpenAI, DeepMind, should people
be still pursuing like very deep
education or should they just go out and
start building?
>> The reason I dropped out of my PhD is uh
I just actually after starting it, I
felt like that was committing 4 years of
my life to that specific subject was
actually not what I wanted to do. And uh
I had more ideas and more things that I
wanted to try.
Uh and so, I felt like the startup
startup environment was like right for
me. I think it's very important to like
time and time again like know, my own
life, you know, I've realized like it's
important to follow your instincts
and do things that give you energy.
>> Was it the right decision for you?
>> Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. I had such a
great time. You know, I built I built
that company for like a year and then I
went on work work for Google. Um
initially I was like working on the
Google Maps and different parts ads and
then I ended up working at the DeepMind
which was during the the golden ages of
DeepMind like when it was a grand
challenge after grand challenge and then
it became like a little bit less
interesting and around the time where
you know, everyone was scaling
and like OpenAI had proven that you
could scale transformers
and create something like very
compelling and this was probably the
road to to building AGI. That's when you
know, I was like just okay, let me go
just go work for OpenAI. Um and you
know, time and time again it's sort of
like you know, challenging myself to
pursue new things.
>> Mhm. So um before we um look at what is
created, uh one final question. What do
you think is going to happen to our
lives in three to five years from all
the innovation that you've seen? Do you
think we're going to see this dramatic
change that a lot of people are talking
about or are they exaggerating?
>> I think there is going to be dramatic
change. I think it's important, you
know, for for us and and for me
personally
to just really bring the benefits to
everyone.
And one thing that I think this will
mean is that you will have the benefits,
you know, whether whether you're
actively engaging with this technology
or not. Um today you have to actively
prompt and sort of like you know, be
creative about what you what you're
asking and you know, it's almost like
the the benefits that you get are
definitely like you know, proportional
to like you know, how good your
prompting is. You know, in the future
that will not be true. It's sort of like
it will to me, you know, be very similar
to going to a nice tailor who sort of
like you know, instantly looks at you
and gets you and is like you know, this
is the kind of clothes that would, you
know, make you shine and that is like,
you know, just like right for you.
>> So, what will it depend on then? If it's
not your prompting, what's going to make
people
>> It's
>> brilliant, I guess.
>> Yes, you know, it will be much more like
benefiting from, you know, good advice
from a friend or like, you know, having
a natural conversation, like the
conversation that we have right now.
>> the the ability to ask the right
questions, not to necessarily prompt it.
>> It will It will It will be about
engaging, you know, as your authentic
self in a conversation and then getting
the appropriate help in the right at the
right time.
Um, and, you know, having a benefiting
from this, you know, ambient
intelligence that is just like
supporting the society.
>> Okay.
>> Um, it has created a spreadsheet.
>> Oh, there we go.
>> has downloaded all the analytics from
>> Oh, that's amazing. Well, well, it's
Okay, we we needed But, this is okay.
Like, uh if I ask it to do more
specific, cuz it did like one
screenshot, but we can
>> What else would you like it We could run
it again.
>> Oh.
>> So, I need more data, you know, for
example,
impressions
uh per post.
Okay.
So, I am very lazy now with Codex and I
just do everything through voice. So, I
need more data, impressions per post.
>> Yeah, same same. I just use the Whisper
flow across all my
Yeah.
Okay, let us end this daily brief.
It did it. Yeah.
Oh, this is getting better. See?
>> And then you can continue to go and you
know, you can you can get more advanced
if you There is a workflow then that you
like, then, you know, you can you can
use the skill creator.
Uh
This is a skill by itself. I think you
can say like, create a skill to capture
this workflow.
Um
such that
I can
run it every day.
And then it will create a a bespoke
skill for you that you can then invoke
Yes.
>> and add it to file.
Okay, this is fascinating. Thank you so
much. I feel like I have some work to do
when I come back home tonight.
This is really fascinating. Thank you
for building it.
>> Of course, yeah, it was a pleasure.
>> Thank you.
>> I also write a newsletter where I go
deeper on AI tools that I use, career
strategies, and things I can't fit into
a 30-minute podcast. It's free. Link is
in the description.